Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Yeah. Yeah.
Right up there. Right up in here.
Aim for the rock!
Mankins!
Yeah?
You wanna tell me why
your methane sensors are off?
I don't know.
Maybe the batteries are dead.
- Why don't you get us a canary?
- This is no joke.
These are to alert you
to concentrations of methane.
They must stay on.
Where'd that come from?
Sounds like the open pit.
We hit a methane pocket.
That's impossible.
Everybody. out! Everybody. out!
- Come on!
- Go!
Go. Go. go.
No!
Go. go. go!
What you got in here. Gurty?
Come on. You can say it. You can say it.
We will sort right here. and they
will save their hands right there.
The coffee saved with water for me!
For him. For them.
Is it coffee. Gurty?
This how you guys
still get your kicks. huh?
Walk away. Gurty.
- They're idiots.
- Hey.
How's it feel
to be best friends with a retard?
He's my brother. Johansson.
And I told you never to call him that.
Retard.
McCann. get in here!
I know what you get. but I talk
with a lot of hands for hands sometimes.
Gurty.
We're fired.
But tires to a point rotated go.
Let someone else rotate them. We're fired.
Pack your shit up. Skeeter too.
Come on.
I don't want.
- Me never been in. then today we don't.
- Yeah. I know.
Gurty. I don't care! You're going in!
They're gonna look after you.
We've been together a long time.
but he can't hold a job.
and I can't carry him anymore.
I don't have
a lot of tire left on my own treads.
Will this help
make him self-sufficient. Doctor?
I can't promise anything
with language cognition scores like these.
but we'll see what we can do.
Hi. John. I'm Dr. Talbot.
Pleased to meet you.
Thank you. I appreciate it
and hope the world lasts for you.
He's saying hello.
How long to go with them?
With them for the time over.
For them. For me.
He's asking what all this entails. Doctor.
Well. just a few tests.
If he qualifies for rehabilitation.
we arrange housing.
Should take no more than an hour.
Skeeter.
You can't bring Skeeter in here.
Let 'em poke and prod you.
It's no big deal.
I'll see you in an hour.
Hey.
don't be a big baby.
- Thanks. Doctor.
- You're welcome.
John. the examination room
is just down the hall.
Psych evaluator Hackman. dial 617.
No readings indicated
a methane gas pocket?
So you're saying.
as general manager of this facility.
that this was out of the blue?
Completely out of the blue. sir.
We think the gas built up
behind the stoping shields
where our PDM sensors couldn't pick it up.
I'm briefing
the Prime Minister in 20 minutes.
Listen carefully.
No one goes in any of the tunnels
until that gas is drilled and capped.
Understood. sir. Understood.
Let me ask you. how do we drill and cap
a methane pocket without a wellhead?
I'll get back to you.
Get me the air force base in Winnipeg.
officer in charge of civilian emergencies.
Airlift a 30-ton gas wellhead?
Impossible.
And there's no runway
up at Katka to land a C-130 on.
and our largest choppers are Chinooks.
which can't carry a 30-ton wellhead.
Payloads of that nature
have to go by truck.
Jill. that young field officer in Winnipeg
is supposed to know
everything about ice road transports
up to the northern mines?
- You mean Max Tully?
- Yes. him.
The Prime Minister
will see you now. sir.
Just a sec.
Max Tully?
Mr. Goldenrod!
What?
I'm Max Tully with Mining Safety.
Could I have a word with you?
It's about Katka mine.
What about Katka?
This morning. Tunnel 6 collapsed.
I need an 18-foot gas wellhead.
300 feet of pipe delivered up there
in under 30 hours.
Eighteen-foot gas wellhead
and 300 feet of pipe?
Goddamn. that's
a hell of a lot of weight. son.
Can you make it happen?
What do I look like. God?
We're three weeks into April.
All of my drivers
are on their way to Hawaii
or wherever the hell it is
they go during the off-season.
Say. for conversation's sake.
you have replacements.
Say. for conversation's sake. these rigs
have wings. What've you been smoking?
March 10th. the season ended.
That's five weeks ago.
But didn't old-timers in the '60s
drive the lake into April?
Yeah. and most of 'em died doing it.
So it's really that dangerous.
Yeah. It's that dangerous.
Okay. okay. It's a stupid idea.
Sorry for asking.
Hey. hey. kid. Come here.
I know all the miners up there in Katka.
I know their families.
So. it's personal with me.
If I can get drivers and a mechanic.
let's say 3:00 this afternoon.
and if you can get
the provincial government
to open up the ice road.
two very big ifs…
we'll do it.
Thank you.
Shit.
Hi. Um…
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
I brought my brother in this morning.
Vocational rehab?
McCann. 813.
He's still being evaluated. sir.
The doctor said an hour.
It's been two and a half.
We're a little short-staffed today.
so please take a seat.
Hey! Sir?
Sir!
Get security on 2-East. please.
Hey. bro.
What's happening?
What is all this?
Oh jeez.
What is going on here?
Xanax and Lexapro. right?
Probably some Oxy for good measure?
You know. to take the edge off?
- They're for PTSD.
- I know what they're for.
Did you ask for these. Gurty?
He has insomnia. hypertension.
makes inappropriate outbursts.
Kiss my Irish ass.
Post-traumatic stress disorder is real.
I can Section 502 him.
Do it.
The press'll love another story
about how the VA overprescribes opioids
to America's heroes.
You are making a grave mistake.
You try and stop us
from leaving here. so are you.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Put this on.
Come on. It's cold.
Wait. here. Here.
Come on. your pants.
Ken... Kenworth.
More Ken.
Take us great that owned we.
We.
Sure. sure. It would be great
if we owned our own rig.
Did you win the lottery?
Did you happen to win
the Pick-6 and not tell me?
This thing costs 200 grand. Gurty.
200.
Ever been to Winnipeg. Gurty?
It's just 70 miles.
"Win a pig."
We might. partner.
With any luck.
today we might just win a pig.
News all day. every day.
Our top story.
twin explosions rock Northern Manitoba's
Katka mine this morning.
killing eight miners
and leaving 26 more unaccounted for.
The cause of the explosion
has not been determined.
Hi. I'm calling
from Trappers Transpo in Winnipeg.
- We're in an emergency and need drivers.
- Tully. gimme 50 bucks. You got 50 bucks?
- Yeah. I do.
- One of my drivers just became available.
- Thanks.
- Fantastic. What's it for?
Bail.
- Yeah... What?
- Told you this wasn't gonna be easy.
Sunglasses and keys.
You protest and throw rocks again.
we'll arrest you again.
We're gonna keep doing it
until you get off our land.
The city owns that parking lot.
I was referring to North America.
See you soon.
How's the fight for justice going?
You keep building casinos.
you'll beat the white man
without a shot fired.
You heard about the cave-in up at Katka?
Yeah. it was on the TV in there.
I still haven't heard from Cody though.
I'm worried sick.
He's on the list of those missing.
I'm putting together
a little rescue mission.
Ice road?
Yep.
I'm in.
Let's get a head count.
Cody.
One.
- Two.
- Three.
- Four.
- Five.
- Six.
- Seven.
- Eight.
- Nine.
- Ten.
- Eleven.
- Twelve.
- Thirteen.
I got a wife and kids. Jim.
How would I even explain this to them?
No one's gonna force you to go. Dave.
I understand. It's not for everyone.
Thanks.
- What do you got?
- Half are retired.
Half have never seen an ice road.
Next. there are two guys
up from North Dakota. Brothers.
Thank you.
Which one of you guys
is Mike McCann?
- I am.
- You're the driver?
- He's the mechanic?
- Yep. One of the best.
Says you had experience on the ice road
in the Northwest Territory.
That's pretty serious country.
What'd you drive?
Anything on wheels.
Says you've had 11 gigs
in the last eight years.
which ain't exactly
inspiring my confidence.
Some reason
that you can't hold down a job?
My. uh. my brother's a veteran.
got injured in Iraq.
Uh. he's got this thing
called aphasia. which is...
I know what it is.
Long story short. um.
for the past eight years.
I've been his caretaker.
for lack of a better word. and…
- And we...
- I get it. I get it.
We ain't got time. What's his name?
Call him Gurty.
Gurty. Hey.
Gurty. Jim Goldenrod.
Grab your tool set. Follow me.
Right here.
I want you to pull the rocker arm shaft.
I'm gonna time you.
Say when.
Go.
Sweet Jesus.
Okay. Tully.
send everybody else home and call Katka.
- I got my crew.
- Where's Tantoo?
She's reparking somebody else's rig.
She seems a little young.
- I'll have the contracts drawn up.
- Thank you.
Enough.
Anyone not out by now isn't coming out.
You guys hearing that?
What is that?
That sounds like tap code.
You men. give us a hand.
Come on.
Somebody had to have been
in the Army. Navy. Cub Scouts.
What are they saying. Cody?
"How many alive?"
Look. if you do hear something.
you call me. all right?
Yes. sir.
Uh. twenty-six… alive.
Uh. Fred. listen to me. Listen.
You tell them we're gonna cap
that methane with a wellhead. all right?
Then we're gonna blast.
You tell 'em those wellheads.
they're coming ASAP. all right?
- Okay.
Wellheads arrive ASAP.
What do they mean. ASAP?
Six hours?
Twelve hours?
What if it's 30?
Then we're dead.
The 26 includes Lampard.
Yep.
Mankins?
He's alive.
So the question is time.
I mean. no one's ever lasted
over 30 hours under permafrost.
Well. the government's
got that ice road open.
Safety supervisor guy.
he's even managed to secure transpo.
Jim Goldenrod.
If Jim Goldenrod believes 25-ton wellheads
can roll across a frozen lake in April.
I suppose we should believe it too.
All right.
These wellheads are beasts.
eighteen feet long.
twenty-five-ton heavy.
We got three rigs.
all identically equipped
so that we can achieve
tactical redundancy.
We're taking every chance
to save those miners' lives.
Tactical re-what-ancy?
Redundancy.
Each rig doesn't need the others
to complete the mission.
Gold star to the man from North Dakota.
One. two. three. The gold one is mine.
You two can paper-rock-scissors
for the red one.
She's the one with the comfy seats.
It's all yours.
- Contracts. One for you.
- Thanks.
One for you. and you.
200.000 split four ways.
Any questions?
What happens to anyone
that doesn't make it? To their money?
Paragraph four.
- Their share goes to those that do.
- That's pretty cold.
Sounds fair to me. Who's that guy?
Mr. Varnay.
Tom Varnay.
Katka International Insurance Group.
Tully. these are my trucks.
I say who goes.
Your trucks. but it's Katka's insurance.
If one goes in the lake. it's on Katka.
He's not taking a cut?
No. no. Absolutely not.
I'm just along for the ride
and to protect Katka's investment.
All right. you'll ride with Tantoo
in the black Kenworth.
Put your gear in there.
You two'll find safety bags
in the locker area.
It's time to load up.
We'll fuel the rigs. and we'll push in 15.
Thank you.
Thanks.
- Thank you.
- Hello.
Fifty grand apiece times two.
That's more than enough
for a down payment on a rig like this.
Sorry I ripped up your brochure.
by the way.
I'm gonna put Skeeter
up front with us. okay?
Where are you?
Tantoo. is it? Tully says you're Cree.
What's your name mean?
Name mean
"like to drive alone."
Mount up!
Use the head if you have to now.
We're on a bull run.
See you on the flip side. Tully.
We'll run with 200-foot separations.
leapfrogging every few hours.
- Is everyone good with that?
- Yep.
Affirmativo.
First leg.
Lake Winnipeg ice road.
about 300 miles. 20 hours.
Second leg. up over Manitoba Pass.
Third leg.
Manitonka ice road
to Old Manitonka Bridge.
Twenty-three hours total.
What's wrong with New Manitonka?
The new bridge would be preferred.
but getting up to New Manitonka
is another 90 kilometers.
That puts us
outside the miners' oxygen window.
Old Manitonka was built in the '60s.
so that's rated 75.000 pounds?
Yep. We're gonna be shaving it close.
Here we go. people.
Oh shit.
You said 120 meters that way. 80 that way.
Give or take.
Pretty decent atmospheric volume.
Yeah. except we got
26 sets of lungs down here.
Hey. Jim.
Yeah?
I thought I heard
every trucker's expression.
What the heck's a bull run?
Bull run.
Well. back in Minnesota.
all the livestock haulers
never used to stop.
'cause bulls. you see. gotta be standing
when they're being transported.
If one gets tired and lies down.
the others will step on him and kill him.
All livestock haulers know this.
so they never stop for anything.
Ah. I see.
I'm learning something tonight.
Hey. Jim. how you feeling about the ice?
Cold. hard. and stiff.
I wish we weren't running
in bright sunshine tomorrow though.
You want a sandwich?
You haven't eaten since we left.
You'll know when I'm hungry.
It's very unattractive.
You get cranky?
Worse. I act white.
Tully said you and Goldenrod
had a falling-out.
That wasn't a big deal.
Sounded like a big deal.
He fired me.
I got upset. took a swing at him.
It's old news.
How's that Kenworth. boys?
She's a fine ride. Jim.
Thinking we might get one just like it.
Well. what you gonna call her?
Take your time. boys.
Naming a big rig's a sacred thing.
What'll we name our truck. Gurty?
Truck Truck Truck.
You hear that?
"Truck Truck Truck."
I like it. It's got a ring to it.
It is beautiful out here.
Is it really that dangerous?
It doesn't seem like a big deal.
What exactly do you do?
I'm an actuary.
a risk-assessment professional
if we're being formal.
Well. Mr. Varnay.
hauling heavy cargo on ice
in April is a big deal.
See Custer's head there?
Tips us off to pressure waves.
You go too fast.
you create a pressure wave.
In you go.
You go too slow. the ice can't handle
the pounds per square inch on your tire.
In you go.
What the hell was that? Over.
Sounds like my head gasket.
Come on. kid. Come on!
Sweet Jesus. that ain't good.
Shit.
What the hell are you doing?
Going back.
I thought
we weren't stopping for anything.
- You know. all that "bull run" stuff?
- I said. we're going back.
Goddamn it!
Gurty's gonna run diagnostics
while we hook up. We'll pull together.
Use the nylon snatch pulleys on the rear
so the rigs can swing.
Is this. uh. is this gonna work?
How… how far are we gonna tow him?
All the way to the mine?
Do us all a favor. Mr. Varnay.
and get back in your truck.
Shit. Come on.
Oh…
Gurty!
Clear out.
What happened?
Rear trailer tires went in.
Oh shit.
What the hell's going on?
Come on. Jim.
Jim! Jim!
Jim!
Towline's got me!
Cut me loose. My leg's broken.
Cut me loose. or you're all going in!
Towline's got me. and my leg's broken.
Do it!
- Do it!
- I can't.
Do it! Do it!
Jesus.
Holy shit!
It's spreading out.
Meaning what?
Meaning it's gonna keep cracking
for two. maybe three thousand meters.
That's over a mile.
We'll outrun it. Let's move!
We gotta unhook first.
There's no time.
We're gonna have to run tied together. Go!
Get your harness on.
Mike. come in.
We gotta hike up the speed. Over.
Roger.
- Mike. come in. We gotta run faster.
- Roger.
Gurty. running board.
Get out on the running board.
- Why?
- So if we go through. we can jump clear.
Got a pressure wave ahead of me.
I got one hell of an ice crack behind me.
so how do you wanna die?
Slush bed at 200 yards.
Get in and buckle up.
Hang on. pal. This is gonna get ugly.
This is not good. This is not good!
I don't like this!
Shit!
I've got your seat belt. You okay. pal?
We're finished.
It stopped.
Yeah.
It stopped!
We capsized for a reason.
Now our weight's displaced evenly
instead of on the tires.
So based on seven liters
per minute. per man…
Seven liters?
That's all a grown man breathes?
When at rest.
The figure doubles with physical exertion.
Hey. Cody.
- Can I ask you something?
- Sure.
When the mine blew up.
I said we hit a methane pocket.
and you said. "That's impossible."
Why?
It's still settling.
Air compressor…
Thank God they're coming through.
…failed.
Hey.
What's the story. Cody?
Yeah.
What'd they say?
They say they're still working on it.
- Cody.
- Yeah?
You didn't answer my question.
Why is it impossible
we hit a methane pocket?
'Cause I was told it would never happen.
By who?
Who told you that?
Cody.
Easy. boys! Easy! Get him out!
Easy!
Cody!
Watch his leg. Watch his leg.
SOS. SOS.
41.40.
Ice road north of 53.
Kenworth through the ice.
Repeat.
Copy. Are there survivors?
Negative.
We are responding. Thank you.
Wait. What about us?
What about us?
We're heading back. right?
Back?
Yeah. That's what I said.
The ice is bound to be thinner
to the south. not thicker.
We still have two deliverable wellheads.
Technical redundancy. remember?
And we're more than halfway there.
What do you think. Gurty?
Attaboy. Are you coming with. Tantoo?
Hell yeah.
But this is ridiculous.
You're all gonna die.
You wanna go back. go back.
I suggest you do it quick.
Nichiiwad.
The big one.
Drop 50 degrees.
We'll pick up eight to ten centimeters
of new ice.
Let's get the rigs upright and haul ass.
We're back in business.
You're out of your minds. All of you!
Wait. wait. Wait.
- It appears you're the new leader here.
- I'm not the leader of anything.
Everyone's on their own.
Fine. Whatever.
You're not curious about back there.
what happened?
- We saw what happened.
- I'm talking about the seized-up engine.
Go on.
How well do you know her? Tantoo?
Met her first time yesterday. Why?
Mind answering a couple questions?
You worked for Jim Goldenrod.
what. two years?
Two and a half.
Why did it end?
I used his rig on the weekend
without permission.
- So. you're a thief.
- I'm not a thief.
Hey. I was hauling banners for a demon...
What is this your business?
You weren't a happy camper. were you?
When he fired you?
No. I...
Look. just...
I've never seen a Kenworth
with less than 10K on the odometer
just up and quit. have you?
No.
Most diesel engines don't seize
on their own unless they burn gasoline.
What's this about?
You dosed Goldenrod's rig
with gas while we were loading up.
I saw you next to the pump.
You said you were checking
the tire pressure.
That is a goddamn lie.
You were gonna take us all out.
weren't you?
So you could claim the whole 200 grand.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- Who else. then?
It wasn't me. Wasn't Gurty. Wasn't him.
He works for the company that's paying us.
This is not about the money for me.
you idiots!
God. my brother is in that mine.
And the longer we stand here.
the closer he is to dying.
So if you could just move...
She's lying. You can't trust these people.
Call Katka. His name is Cody Mantooth.
We have different fathers.
God. "These people"?
- You're a racist asshole.
- You're not going anywhere.
Just get out of...
- Fine.
Hey. hey. hey. Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
We call the company and check your story.
Yeah. and then go fuck yourself.
Tie her up. Gurty.
Yeah. Tully. it's Mike.
I just heard about Goldenrod
from County Emergency. What happened?
We think Tantoo
dosed Jim's rig with gasoline.
Are you kidding?
That's worse than sugar in the tank.
Contact Katka.
Ask 'em if there's a miner.
Cody Mantooth. on the missing list.
- I'll explain later.
- You got it.
We wanna discuss options.
Like what?
Like decreasing our numbers.
I wanna talk to the folks upstairs.
I wanna talk to the bosses.
You don't know tap code.
He does.
You guys can't be serious.
It's called triage.
Hospitals do it all the time.
If we decrease our numbers by one-third.
our oxygen window increases by...
We can do the math.
Hospitals are a bullshit analogy.
Patients get triaged
when it's determined they'd die anyway.
And what about these guys?
They're not gonna make it till morning.
- No one's going for this.
- I agree. It's nuts.
- Say you're wrong.
- Say we're not.
Say we put it to a vote.
What's he saying. Cody?
- They wanna decrease our numbers.
- Can't be serious.
Looks serious to me. Claude.
Nobody wants this. Barney.
Don't make it personal.
Hate to tell ya. friend.
This is about as personal as it gets.
You guys seen yourselves?
Barney. that compound fracture
has sepsis in it.
And you. Claude.
how's that fever treating ya?
- You're not gonna make another 12 hours.
- What if we say no?
It's going to a vote.
That's like two foxes and a chicken
voting on what's for dinner.
I always knew you were a prick. Mankins.
Didn't know until now
you're also a murderer.
"Suggest decreasing our number."
- What does that mean?
- They mean decreasing their number.
Well. how?
How do you think?
No.
What? No.
No. that's crazy.
I'm not taking part in this.
We're not calling the shots
down there. Fred.
Hey. those trailers smacked down hard.
Gurty and I are gonna go check the loads.
then we'll push on.
How's she looking?
Hey! Hey!
- Hey!
- Help! Hey!
- Open the damn door!
- Help!
Hey!
Open this damn door!
It was you.
You piece of shit.
"Insurance actuary" my ass.
What do you do for Katka?
Let's just say I work
in a different department of the company.
Yeah. the sewer.
Look. here's the rules.
You behave yourself.
and you can stay in the restraints
those idiot truckers put on you.
But you get a little spirited.
which I know is a problem for
you people.
and I will hog-tie you
and throw you in the rear.
- Yeah?
- Mike. what's your status?
- No. it's Varnay. We're stuck in a storm.
- Got an answer on Cody Mantooth.
I can't talk.
Please work. Please work.
She's outfitted with a heater unit.
Hey. Gurty. how heavy
do we think this double mill pipe is?
Five mill double hundred.
Huh?
Three. four. zero.
Three forty each?
Grab hold of the end of this one.
We're gonna punch that out.
Punch pipe the pin post.
My thoughts exactly.
Easy.
One. two. three.
Yes!
Oh. no. no. no!
He took the phone.
the pistol. our gear bags.
And the Too.
And the what?
Tantoo.
Tantoo as well.
Let's figure this out.
What's the matter with you?
Ease off!
More!
Hike up the pressure!
Gurty!
I said more!
More!
Jeez.
I said more!
Mike!
Yeah. I see it.
It's called a winch.
Mike. welding's a winter snap!
What?
Welding got cold!
Just do it!
Do you know why we get fired?
It's not your disability.
It's your freaking attitude.
You probably didn't take orders
before your disability.
I don't know what's going on here.
but that prick. he killed Goldenrod.
and he nearly killed us.
He pinned it all on Tantoo.
who's out here to save her brother.
and we helped him.
We have one chance.
one chance to get out of this
and make this right.
And you're not gonna wreck it.
Not this time.
Don't you dare touch that.
Come on. come on. come on.
She's coming free.
What the hell was that?
Gurty? Gurty?
Gurty!
Gurty?
Come on. Gurty. Come on.
Breathe. Breathe.
Come on. Gurty. Work with me here.
Oh jeez.
Gurty.
Jesus.
Here. pal. Here. pal.
Here. pal. I got you. I got you.
I got you.
Gurty. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I hit you.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
I'm sorry. Gurty.
Mike.
Yeah. Sunken dreams. Gurty.
Sunken dreams.
Yeah. It's eating at me too.
Why would an employee
of the company that hired us
sabotage…
They want us to fail.
That's it. They want us to fail.
I didn't see it.
I've been too wrapped up
in what's in this for us.
Oh. now I'm angry.
Let's get out of here.
It's not about money now.
This is personal.
Should be 20 minutes to the shoreline.
Rig two's in the lake 20 klicks due south.
Took the mechanic and the driver with it.
I told them not to store dynamite
in the trailer due to friction detonation.
but they had other ideas.
Good.
Good. That's good.
How about the driver?
Well. she's alive. sir.
Put the cab
through that guardrail up there.
Your story is she lost control.
You dove for safety before it went over.
You clear?
Clear. sir.
The miners' oxygen window
closes in three hours.
so the press is gonna be all over us.
They need to be told our valiant rescue
had a tragic end.
I'll make it happen. sir.
Good. Good.
You call me when it's done.
If you do this. it's on your head.
You wanna blame someone? Blame management.
What does management got to do with it?
- All those in favor. raise your...
- Mankins!
I asked you a question.
Because they made us cut
the damn sensors. René.
They what?
Claimed the new quotas were killing them.
so they… couldn't afford a shutdown.
They said there was no chance
of gas pockets this far north.
And they sweetened the deal.
How much?
Hundred dollars per man per month.
You turned off the gas sensors
for $100 a month?
And anyone who blew the whistle
gets shitcanned.
None of that matters now. René.
Our oxygen is falling fast.
There's a vote on the floor.
All those in favor. raise your hands.
No.
Hey!
How much methane
do you think is in here now?
Huh?
These men are not the enemy.
The enemy's up there.
Bullshit! The enemy's asphyxiation.
We're getting out of here together.
or not at all.
You're one stupid son of a bitch. René.
You too. Cody.
Maybe so.
but this is how it's gonna be.
Right here.
Let's clear the road.
Ow!
Yeah. that's what I thought.
You're never gonna get away with this.
There's gonna be an investigation.
That's the plan.
What is that?
Ah!
Thanks.
Mayday! Mayday!
Mayday! Come in! Anybody. come in!
Mayday! Is anybody out there?
Tantoo. it's Mike.
We're coming up the pass. Where are you?
Approaching the upper traverse.
I got Varnay behind me with others.
They're all armed.
We've got two hours to get to Katka.
and I'm still pulling weight.
They're gonna stop us.
Yeah. we figured.
Cody always said they cut corners
with the methane regs.
Those bastards. they caused the cave-in.
Now they're trying to cover it up.
Not gonna happen.
Just hang on. We're coming.
Take 'em out
so it will pass forensics.
No bullet holes.
Do not discharge your weapons.
What?
Shit.
Oh. come on. One more mile.
We can do one more mile. Come on.
Yeah. we can do it. Come on.
Pull over!
Pull over now!
If they were gonna shoot us.
they would've done it by now.
Yeah. Good. Come on.
Ready. bro?
Pull over now!
Well. don't just stand there. Let's go.
Come on. come on. Don't stop. Don't stop.
Don't you dare stop. Come on.
Don't do this to me. Don't...
Don't. Don't do this.
Come on. don't stop. Come on.
Come on. you piece of shit. let's go.
I didn't mean it! I didn't mean it!
Don't think that I'm not gonna
use this on you!
What's your game?
Oh. what? Are you just gonna stand there?
Yeah.
This is the last wellhead.
What are you gonna do?
You gonna push it the rest of the way?
If you're gonna make it to Katka
before your brother stops breathing.
that's what you're gonna have to do.
The other drivers are gonna come.
The other drivers are dead.
He ripped out my fuel equalizer.
Gurty can fix that.
We'll change out your fuel line
and siphon enough juice
to get you down to Katka.
Listen.
We…
we seriously misjudged you.
Friends?
Yeah.
Hey. how long
you think this is gonna take?
A couple of minutes.
- I know you're anxious about your brother.
- Yeah.
Cody's all I got. you know?
It's kinda like you and yours.
Yeah.
Gurty's like that commercial.
Takes a lickin' but keeps on tickin'.
That last can should do it.
He saved my life. Give him a treat.
We can't stay here. and we can't back up.
We'll have to outrun it.
- You're dreaming.
- You got a better idea?
Oh. Oh.
- Oh…
- Uncouple the trailer.
We got a wellhead to deliver.
Oh jeez.
It's not as bad as it looks.
It's. uh…
It looks pretty bad. kid.
Just be fast about it.
Like pulling out a wisdom tooth.
A wisdom tooth?
Do I… do I look like a dentist?
Aah!
Good girl. Good girl.
Breathe. Breathe.
That's it. Good girl. Good girl.
Gurty. come and help me!
Good girl. Good girl.
Come on.
Hang tight.
Gurty and I are gonna haul
your trailer off the cliff. hook up.
and head to that mine.
We still got 45 minutes.
Yeah.
Sir? Mine Safety down in Winnipeg
wants René's laptops.
Fred. Mine Safety gets the laptops
when I say
they get the laptops. all right?
We got a goddamn CEO to worry about.
Yeah. well. you can tell him yourself.
He'll be here in an hour.
There is nothing in those e-mails
that implicates us.
Everything was cash.
so there's no paper trail.
To the authorities. this just looks
like another tragic mining accident.
Right in the morning. we open Tunnel 6.
We remove the bodies.
We let the public hold
their ritual funerals.
We weather the obligatory
"occupational hazard" debate.
And we open back up.
Business as usual.
Come on. Varnay. answer the goddamn phone.
Look. Gurty. we did it.
We did it!
Mike. Mike.
Give me that pistol!
Gurty. you gotta take the wheel.
Come on. You can do it.
Do not stop
until you reach the mine. got it?
Do not stop.
Hey. Kill him.
Not for me. for my brother.
I've done this a thousand times.
Move. I can do it.
Shit.
Traction pads.
Yes. go.
Come on. come on. come on.
Shit. Shit.
Gurty. the cables are snapping.
Let's go! Come on!
Oh shit. Oh shit.
Gurty. shut the gate!
Gurty!
Gurty?
Gurty.
Gurty!
He saved the rig.
Oh Jesus.
Mike… you… brother mine.
My brother.
Brother. Mine.
No. no. no. no.
No.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Deputy Minister. Jack Tager.
Vice President of Operations.
George Sickle. General Manager.
- Tager.
- Sir.
- Sickle.
- How are you. sir?
- It's cold up here.
- We have hot drink and food inside. sir.
How was that drive down
from Gillam Airfield?
Cut the formalities. Sickle.
Tell me the situation.
Our last contact
with the rescue team was 0300.
Uh. Deputy Minister. how about you?
Your. uh. your man in Winnipeg.
Heard anything?
Negative.
It's been 30 hours.
and the wellheads haven't arrived.
I don't believe the men
are gonna get out of Tunnel 6 alive.
What's that?
That's our emergency Klaxon.
Oh my God.
Hey. welcome to Katka.
You McCann?
Yeah.
You need medical?
Everyone. on the double.
We still have a chance.
We got another one.
We need a gurney. ASAP.
There's no hurry.
Get that wellhead unloaded
and bolted down. Let's go.
Straight to the drill site.
Go. go. go. go!
Wellhead team! You're up!
Got it!
Wellhead is tapped and sprung.
All right. blasting team.
Tunnel 6 on the double!
- You're in no condition...
- I don't give a shit.
Put a Band-Aid on it. I heard blasting.
- I'm gonna find Cody. What?
- Tantoo. Tantoo. Tantoo.
We're outside the oxygen window.
We didn't make it in time.
Don't say that.
Look. Gurty died
so that the miners would live. okay?
My brother is alive.
I'm gonna find him. Let's go.
Someone's coming out!
Cody?
Oh my God.
You're alive. Oh my God.
You saved my life.
I had help.
Thank you.
All right!
You paid them?
You paid them to shut off their sensors?
You're disgusting.
Mr. McCann?
I'm Deputy Minister
of Natural Resources for Canada.
I wanna thank you
and offer condolences for your brother.
The company has
some papers for you to sign.
We have a check for you.
And the police need your statement.
Excuse me. Mr. McCann?
We found this with your brother's things.
Thank you.
- Hey!
- Hey.
- Brand-new Kenworth. huh?
- Yep.
It's a good color.
In honor of Jim.
What you hauling?
- Sporting goods.
- Oh.
- Ain't that the life?
- Yep.
No bosses. no punching time clocks.
- Good pay rates.
- Yeah.
Well. you find yourself
pining for the ice road.
you know where to find me.
Deal.
Thank you. Mike.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-